[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeat
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives.
Meanwhile the razor-sharp
threads of Doflamingo's Birdcage
threaten to massacre
everyone in the kingdom.
Now, the final countdown begins
and Luffy must finish Doflamingo
before the kingdom and everyone
in it is torn to shreds.
We stopped it once, didn't we?
We'll do it again,
if we have to!
[ALL grunting]
[DWARVES grunting]
Keep pushing! Let's go!
Thanks to your hard work,
the Birdcage was slowed down,
and countless lives were saved!
And soon enough,
the coliseum's shining star,
our Lucy, will take the stage!
Let's show him how we feel
and give the man a cheer!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
For Mister Luffy! Let's go!
I can't... I can't stop it!
Very good. Now kill Violet.
No!
I'm sorry, Viola!
Quick, Rebecca! Close your eyes!
I'll forgive you!
All that matters
is that you move on!
Please, be happy!
[chuckles]
Stop it!
Don't be upset.
It's not your fault!
I'm sorry I have to
leave you like this.
I know it will hurt.
I know it won't be
easy to overcome.
[REBECCA]
No!
[REBECCA cries]
[gasps]
[LUFFY yells]
[GYATS] It's our champion!
Lucy is here at last!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Mister Luffy!
Luffy!
[DWARVES]
Luffyland!
Straw Hat.
Finally. Finally!
Lucy is back!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
All right, we're waiting, Lucy!
Time to knock him out
in one shot!
[DOFLAMINGO] This is all
rather dramatic, isn't it?
But still. I imagine it took a
lot just to recover your Haki.
[panting]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Why, it's probably a struggle
for you just to stand.
Maybe. But you're no better off.
[gasps] Lucy!
[LAW]
Shambles!
Rebecca!
[panting]
Huh?
Huh. That's where you
crawled off to.
[DOFLAMINGO] Perfect.
You've got front row seats.
Now watch as I crush
the only hope you've got left.
Time for Everwhite!
Huh? He turned the whole
block into strings!
Lucy!
[gasps] Damn you!
[chuckles] It's no use.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Thousand Arrows.
Flapping Thread!
Now die!
Armament!
[gasps]
[GYATS gasps]
Done already?
What about your comeback, huh?
I'm not seeing that
miraculous Haki of yours, Lucy!
Is he gonna be okay?
[ALL gasp]
Oh no!
He's done for.
I suppose his injuries
were too severe.
[TOWNSPEOPLE murmuring]
That didn't look good.
It's still too dusty to see.
So is the fight
over already, or what?
Did Lucy win? I can't tell.
The Birdcage is still here.
Lucy! Hurry!
He's got this!
Let's keep the faith
a little longer!
Give it one last push!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
Damn it!
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Wh-What the hell?
My body's moving on its own!
[chuckles] You're my puppet now.
Good luck defeating me
when you can't even
control your own limbs.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Now march.
[DOFLAMINGO] I can't believe you
survived that last assault.
I'll have to impale you
properly next time.
Or maybe I should force you
to kill all of your
friends, instead.
[RAYLEIGH laughs]
Came running back
with your tail
between your legs?
Well, you escaped
death again, that's good.
Next time, I'm gonna win!
[chomps]
[RAYLEIGH] Your famous
"Kong Gun" didn't do the trick?
This guy was huge!
Way bigger than the last one,
so the move
didn't work, Rayleigh!
It wasn't fair!
[RAYLEIGH laughs] Sounds like
you're in trouble, then!
Oh well. If the
Kong Gun doesn't work,
then you'll just have to
come up with something else.
I guess. But what?
[LUFFY] The Kong Gun wasn't
enough for Mingo, either.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
It's almost tragic.
All those little insects
were so much better off,
dancing on their strings,
trapped in my cage,
as they were meant to be.
[LUFFY] "Insects"?
That's what you think?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Of course.
Humans are nothing but garbage.
The people here only
had worth because I,
with my divine will,
controlled them.
For mere insects,
I'd say that's quite an honor.
[DOFLAMINGO]
But like a bunch of fools,
you burst in and
cut those strings,
and this is the
natural conclusion.
If you hadn't trifled with
my perfectly prosperous kingdom,
then I wouldn't have been
forced to massacre
all of its inhabitants.
Just shut up!
That's enough already!
[gasps]
[TOWNSMAN E]
Now, even the King's Plateau
is getting shredded!
[USOPP gasping]
It's right there!
Hurry up! We're all gonna die!
We're waiting, Luffy!
[ALL grunting]
Robiland. It's looking bad!
[ROBIN]
We'll be fine.
[LEO]
Huh?
My captain will save us.
All right, then!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hmph. Go ahead.
Turn into your stupid
balloon man thing.
That'll be more fun for me.
I'll have you kill
all your friends,
then kill everyone else in the
kingdom, while you're at it.
All right. Fourth Gear!
[yells]
He cut them!
You can't have much
strength remaining.
How long do you think
you can last in that form?
This is it.
Sure you want to challenge
someone like me in the air?
You've got some nerve!
Ha. Still beating me in one hit?
Let's see it, then!
[LUFFY panting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I don't know if I like
you looking down on me.
Well, no matter.
I'll just have to
drag you to the ground
and make you my puppet again.
Mingo!
Every time, you just grab
whatever you want
and strangle it!
[LUFFY]
You can't have everything!
You can't control
everyone, either!
Seeing you makes it
hard to even breathe!
That's not my fault!
Blame your fate.
To be born as a human
is to be born as living trash!
It's my divine right
to control you as I please!
[LUFFY]
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Then everyone here will be free!
They'll be able to
breathe again!
Kick my ass, then! Try it!
Spiderweb!
[RAYLEIGH] Oh well.
If the Kong Gun doesn't work,
then you'll just have to
come up with something else.
Now, Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
I guess. But what?
Something different.
Fourth Gear is indeed strong,
but I'm afraid it taxes
your body too much.
'Kay! Then how about this?
[RAYLEIGH]
What? No!
That would be
even harder on you!
[chuckles]
All right. King Kong...
All those who won't
obey me must die.
My Sixteen Holy Bullets
shall be your trial!
[DOFLAMINGO]
God Thread!
[yells]
...Gun!
[LUFFY yelling]
[yelling]
Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN F] You got this,
Lucy! Take him down!
[yelling]
When I'm done,
nothing will remain!
[grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO cackles]
Mister Luffy!
Luffy!
Luffyland!
Straw Hat!
Luffy!
Fight, Sir Luffy!
And prevail!
Luffy!
This is it!
Fight, Lucy!
[yelling]
[ROSINANTE] Those who fear
the inheritors of D.
have given them another title.
[ROSINANTE]
"Sworn enemy of gods"!
[panting]
[NARRATOR]
With the end of the battle,
a new era dawns in Dressrosa.
As the citizens
and Luffy's allies
watch the Birdcage
fade from the sky,
a flood of emotions
washes over the kingdom.
But for all who have been freed
from this reign of terror,
a man they call "Lucy"
will forever be their champion.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To Be Free!
Dressrosa's Delight!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!